(Parental guidance advised...)
(for viewers under the age of 12.)
On one wonderful autumn day,
the families have gathered at a village school.
What will unfold here this time?
The cat is sitting.
It's so cute.
(The kids are excited not knowing what's ahead.)
There are 3 or 4.
(There is no point.)
(This might be paradise.)
Why is there such a commotion outside?
(Why is there such a commotion outside?)
(The Master of this bunch appears.)
Why are you all making a racket?
(Freezing in place)
Isn't this man...
(The twins visited the school last year.)
(One word from the Master...)
(incited tears.)
Those of you who don't make it must live with me.
(This chaotic school is full of wails.)
(The tiger Master has arrived.)
Why is there such a commotion outside?
Why is there such a racket?
(Feeling alarmed)
The adorable little rascals have arrived.
Yes, I'm here.
(Seung Jae is here.)
Are you Seung Jae?
You adorable rascal.
You've met me before, Seo Jun and Seo Eon.
Shouldn't you two be giving me a hug?
(Seo Eon takes courage and gives him a hug.)
There, there.
We met last year, right?
Yes.
All right. Now who are you?
- Kids. - We're Seol A and Soo A.
You're Seol A and Soo A.
I'm Si An.
You're Daebak, aren't you?
No, I'm Si An.
Haven't you heard of Daebak?
That's strange. I've heard that there's a Daebak.
Uncle, what is this?
Uncle? I'm not your uncle.
(He's never had to deal with toddlers before.)
Grandpa.
- What is that, grandpa? - So you're...
- This? - Yes.
Why do you...
speak informally and out of turn?
(Seung Jae doesn't have a clue.)
(His little laughter will subside.)
(Roaring)
(What will happen to this little lovely bundle?)
- Grandpa, what is that? - Yes?
This...
(Spreading open)
- This is a fan. - It's...
- like a rainbow. - A rainbow?
You're a smart one, aren't you?
I love you, grandpa.
(They just met, but he loves him.)
Goodness. Come here. I'll give you another hug.
- You love grandpa? - Yes.
Now bring your belongings and step down here.
Put on your backpacks and step down.
Bring everything.
Come here with all your stuff.
- Are you all here? - Yes.
Now you must listen to what I say.
How must you address me?
- What... - Grandpa.
Grandpa? What else?
- Teacher. - What else?
Angel.
Angel? Fair enough.
(Feeling flustered)
Now listen well.
This is the village school.
You will study manners and etiquette...
and how to be dutiful to your parents.
If you're asked who the teacher is...
Look this way!
I'm to be addressed as "Master".
How must I be addressed?
- Master. - Master.
- As what? - Master.
Take out the contents of your bags...
so I can inspect them.
Take off your bags and spread them out.
There you go. You too.
Pour everything out in front of you.
Take everything out. There you go.
I want to see what you all brought.
Whether they're tasty food or toys,
I want to see them.
Place all your belongings in front of you.
There you go.
Place it right there. There you go.
What did you bring, Seol A?
I brought earrings, a ring, and a tiara.
What did you bring these for?
I wanted to give them to my friends.
To give them to your friends?
Who do you want to give these to then?
Seo Jun and Seo Eon.
(What? A tiara?)
Seo Jun and Seo Eon?
Who do you want to give this tiara to?
Who will be crowned?
(Seo Jun has been crowned.)
It turned out to be Seo Jun.
(Grinning)
(You sure know how to judge character.)
Thank you.
What did you bring?
I brought sausages and jellies.
Jellies? What's this?
It's mine?
What's his name?
- He's Jjang An. - Jjang An?
Is he your friend?
- Now what's this? - This?
- A top? - A top?
Back in the day, I had to whip it.
How does it work?
(He shows off his top to the Master.)
Let me see.
Is that how it's done?
You sure brought a lot of things.
How about you Lo Hee?
- It's over here. - Did you bring a rabbit?
- Is this yours? - Yes.
You speak very well.
Can you give this to me?
It's cute. All right.
- Lo Hee... - Here.
You can have it, Master.
(You can have this.)
You addressed me properly.
But you can't speak informally.
You must show respect.
Please, receive this, Master.
You must give it to me with two hands.
Thank you.
Seung Jae, you're going to become somebody.
What does that mean?
It means that you're going to be a big person.
Now what are these, Seung Jae.
They're dinosaurs.
- Dinosaurs? - Yes.
Now you're going to step forward.
All place all toys and food...
into the basket.
(What?)
You're going to place them in here.
I will be keeping them for you...
until it's time for you all to go home.
(Eyes opening wide)
I don't want to.
Must you listen to me or not?
I don't have to.
(You're going to get in trouble.)
(Oh, gosh. I'm nervous.)
(Glaring)
(Maybe this isn't it.)
- I have to listen to you. - That's right.
Place everything inside.
Everything. Place everything inside.
All your belongings.
I will return everything when it's time to leave.
Place everything inside. Good.
You too, Lo Hee.
Good. Lo Hee is very obedient.
In a moment...
(You're a little prankster, like me.)
An established prankster recognizes a newcomer.
(Don't run around. You'll get in trouble.)
(Stay still.)
(The best similar-aged duo is featured together.)
It's mischievous Seung Jae...
and Si An, the model student.
The great duo is born.
(Hey, let's eat a chili pepper.)
(That's going to kill us.)
With the four of them together,
there is nothing to fear.
It's the oldest Seol A and Soo A...
and the trustworthy twins, Seo Eon and Seo Jun.
And the adorable...
younger toddlers of The Return of Superman.
(Chic and proud)
Lo Hee, the chic princess.
(I am superbly cute.)
And the captivatingly cute baby, Will.
(Will)
Will they get along with the fierce Master?
The Return of Superman, Chuseok Holiday Special.
"Wisdom Grows Like a Ripening Grain."
(They change and gather inside.)
The children finally head inside for their lessons.
Let's all go inside.
They must sit according to indicating stickers.
You're over here.
- How about me? - You?
- Over there? - You're here, Soo A.
This is your spot, Seung Jae.
This is your spot.
Soo A, sit over there, and I'm here.
(Where is my spot?)
Lo Hee, you're over here.
This is your spot, Lo Hee.
(Seo Jun the gentleman holds her spot.)
You're over there.
(Wiggling)
(Thank you, everyone.)
Even Lo Hee, the youngest, sit down calmly.
(Seung Jae tip-toes away.)
Where are you going, Seung Jae?
(He lays on Seol A's back.)
- Do you like me? - Yes.
(Squirming about)
(Humming)
Seung Jae, if you keep this up,
Master will scold you.
(Seung Jae is fond of Seol A and Soo A.)
Hey, Seung Jae.
You're going to get in trouble.
(He finds her front bangs fascinating.)
Stop that.
Surprise.
You're mine.
Hey, Seung Jae.
(Aren't you taking this too far?)
You can't do that.
Stop.
(Trembling)
(Gosh. We're on edge.)
Stop it.
You can't scold him, Si An.
You can't do that, Si An.
(Okay, sister.)
Why are you making such a commotion?
Who is fooling around?
(Flinching)
Sit down at your places, you little rascals.
It's time to study.
Is it okay to fool around or not?
Okay. I'm sitting.
(Seung Jae hasn't grasped the situation yet.)
Is it okay to fool around or not?
(Tapping)
What do you think this is?
(Even Seung Jae, who is usually bright,)
(is intimidated.)
- It's wood. - Wood.
- It is wood, right? - Yes.
What do you think it is used for?
For drumming.
Drumming? You mean like this?
Like this?
Yes.
This is called a "switch".
Follow after me. Say, "switch".
- Switch. - Switch.
This is how it's used. Listen well.
- All right. - All right.
It's for those of you who do not obey.
Also, for those of you that cry.
For those of you who don't follow manners...
or show respect to your parents.
It's a good idea to study hard, right?
- Yes. - Yes.
(The switch silences Seung Jae.)
The room, which was noisy just a moment ago,
has found order thanks to a single stick.
Before we begin our studies,
we will select a class president.
Raise your hands if you want to give it a try.
Me.
Hold up your hands.
- Me. - Hold them up.
Me, Si An.
- Okay. - Me, Si An.
Got it, Si An. Okay.
- Me, me. - Tell me...
why you want to be the class president.
(I want that.)
I want that.
You want to become class president to eat that?
- Yes. - Fair enough.
(He's been eyeing them before the selection.)
He's been eyeing the yakgwa since class began.
- Before we begin... - Master,
why are those there?
I'm going to be gifting those out later.
- Gifts? - Don't they seem tasty?
Yes.
You want to become class president to eat that?
- Yes. - Fair enough.
How about you, Seo Eon?
I will listen to my mom.
Will you listen to your mother if you're chosen?
Yes.
But there are responsibilities to keep.
You have to perform chores for me.
And if your friends misbehave,
you might get spanked on their behalf.
Raise your hands if you're still interested.
(Gosh)
(Forget it)
Me.
Me too.
(The 2 brave 4-year-olds)
Me.
You two play rock-paper-scissors.
- Rock-paper... - Rock-paper...
- Scissors. - Scissors.
(Scissors wins, paper loses.)
I won.
You're the class president.
We'll pick you, okay?
Now, let's applause...
and congratulate our class president.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
As the class president, you must watch out...
for those who do not obey and fool around.
- All right. - Okay. There.
Now we will begin our lesson on etiquettes.
Place your hands like this and say, "attention".
(The two eldest boys follow along well.)
Attention.
- Attention. - Attention.
Say, "Hello, Master".
- Hello, Master. - Hello, Master.
Now, take your seats.
Take your seats.
Sit on top of your cushions,
and sit cross-legged.
Good. Straighten your backs.
Correct posture.
- Correct posture. - Correct posture.
What do you think this character means?
"Hyo" stands for showing devotion to your parents.
Repeat after me, "Respect your parents".
- Respect your parents. - Respect your parents.
Now who give it a try?
- I can. - Give it a try, Seo Eon.
Respect your parents.
Great job. 100 percent.
Who else can do it?
- Go ahead, Seo Jun. - Respect your parents.
Respect your parents.
Great job. Applaud.
- Good job, Seo Jun. - I want to try.
- Give it a try, Si An. - Respect your parents.
- What? - Respect your parents.
You get a 100 percent, class president.
Respect your parents.
Great job. Applaud.
Soo A too.
Okay, Soo A.
She didn't do it.
(He's sure my brother.)
Give it a try, Soo A.
Respect your parents.
Great job. Applaud.
Everyone got it.
Where do sons and daughters belong?
They're beneath their parents.
The characters for "parents" are above.
Characters for "son" and "daughter" are below.
"Ja" stands for son.
On top, is "No", which stands for "elderly".
Here is "father" and "mother".
Children are meant to be under their parents.
Do you follow that order?
No, we don't.
- You don't, right? - I don't as well.
Then where are you?
I'm on top.
You're on top?
- Yes. - How come?
My mom, dad, Seo Eon, and myself...
are all on top.
But children should be beneath their parents.
All four of us are on top.
Because I'm handsome,
I was born first.
- You were born first? - No, it was me.
- That's not true. - You're wrong.
I'm always first, so I was born first.
No, I was born first.
That's not true. I was born first.
No.
- At first... - I'll tidy it up.
You're the younger brother, right?
She's your dear older sister, right?
She's not.
- Then who is she? - She's my sister.
(She's just my sister.)
Yes, true. But a long time ago,
people showed respect to their older sisters.
- Try it. - She's just Seol A.
Then...
I got it.
(He gives up.)
Raise your hands if you're...
rude and informal to your fathers.
(Being careful)
Who speaks informally and says,
"What are you doing, dad?" and "Come here, mom"?
Raise your hands if you do.
I'm never informal.
- You're not? - Yes.
Really?
- Yes. - I kiss him.
You gave him a kiss?
I've heard that one of you poked his behind.
Who was it?
(Feeling pangs)
(They've taken a liking to the prank lately.)
Poke, poke, poke.
Did you do that, Seo Eon?
We did it together.
You both poked your father's behind?
Yes.
You can't do that.
- You can't do that, okay? - Yes, master.
I've also heard that one of you...
sprays water on your father.
On the face. Who is it?
- It wasn't me. - Was it you, Seung Jae?
No.
Your nose will get longer if you lie.
That's right. Just like Pinocchio.
It wasn't me.
You have to be honest. You mustn't lie.
Who sprayed their father in the face?
Raise your hand.
I did it a while ago.
- You did to it, right? - Yes.
(He poured water on his hungover father.)
(A gift of water)
You poke your parents in the rear...
and pour water on them.
Is that acceptable or not?
- It's not. - It's not, right?
Si An, is your father old or young?
He's young.
Seo Eon, is your father old or young?
He's old.
He's old?
(Sorry, Hwi Jae.)
Does he have facial hair?
Yes, a little bit.
A little bit?
- I see. - My dad doesn't have any.
My dad doesn't have hair or a beard.
(My ear is itching suddenly.)
Seung Jae isn't really that mischievous.
He changes based on his mood.
His fluctuations are pretty severe.
He's up when he's playing.
Did you get ambushed while laying down?
- Yes, very often. - Really?
There are low blows...
- and even elbows. - I see.
- And 1-2 punches. - I see.
My kids learned about poking people in the rear.
They do it all the time now. But...
(He can't fathom.)
These don't apply to me.
- Really? - Yes.
How does Lo Hee wake you up then?
She buries her face in my chest...
and says, "Daddy. I like you."
Then she kisses me.
(Sighing)
That's how I'm woken up.
She asks me to get up.
(Sons versus daughters)
That's so ideal.
I have something to say.
- You've something to say? - Yes.
I love you, Daddy.
(Lo Hee loves her dad.)
- Really? - Yes.
(This is how mornings begin for this father.)
I get side-kicked and karate-chopped.
We have to play with them physically.
It's a UFC match at home everyday.
Meanwhile, another father with a son is on his way.
(William is here.)
William.
Can you see outside?
It's all rice outside.
What is it that you eat? Say, "rice".
Rice. Rice, rice.
(Rice, rice, rice)
Hey, William.
We're late...
because you cried and pooped in the morning.
(I feel falsely accused.)
That's why we're late.
We haven't been in the car for so long, right?
- You're right. - Okay.
Still, you're handling it well.
(He claps for himself.)
Hey, William. Today,
we'll be meeting the whole gang.
(Hurry up.)
It's your first time at a school, right?
What will happen there?
We'll be going that way.
(William is excited.)
Hey, William.
This is a scary place.
You have to behave.
What's over there, William? What is that?
It's a goat. Bleat.
Bleat.
(He does a gruff impression.)
There you go.
All right. Let's walk.
Don't run.
- Sam. - Hello.
Hello.
How you doing, man?
- Hello. - Hello.
It's been a while.
He's such a doll.
(Nice to meet you, uncles.)
Hey, William.
Look at me.
(Making a silly face)
(Grinning)
I really like you.
I like you. Oh, the animals?
(I want to go there.)
You want to go there?
(Let's go.)
Sam, take him.
- Okay, okay. - We have a lot of time.
- Bleat. - Bleat?
You wanted to see the goats?
(Did you want to see me?)
It's a big one. It must be a dad.
- It's the daddy goat. - Daddy.
Say, "Hello, daddy goat."
That's the mommy.
Say, "Hello, mommy goat."
There's your friend. Hello, there.
(Nice to meet you.)
Sam, you look great with facial hair.
- Really? - You look foreign now.
Now, you finally look Australian.
Don't I resemble Russel Crowe a bit?
- Russel Crowe? - Yes.
Yes, when he gained a lot of weight.
(Coughing)
- First, go change, Sam. - Okay.
This is for William. One each.
Gosh. He's so cute.
Young master.
(Young Master Will has arrived.)
Young Master Will stands in a picturesque scenery.
(He holds a portable fan in his hand.)
Is he a doll or a human?
(Come here.)
- We'll be going there. - He seems...
like a noble dressed like this.
- I feel like a peasant. - Oh, stop it.
Young master.
Young Master Will.
William, you're really cute today.
Why are you so cute?
(Sam is infatuated with his little son.)
- Correct posture. - Correct posture.
Good.
- Sorry for being late. - Welcome in.
Let's go inside. Hold on.
- It's William. - William is here.
William.
- William is here. - William.
All right.
Hello, William.
What's wrong? Come here.
William.
(William begins to cry.)
Hello, William.
(The grandpa is so scary.)
Say hello.
What's wrong?
(What's wrong, William?)
William, I'll give you a present. Stop crying.
Look at this dragonfly.
- Look at this. - Is that real?
Of course.
Now here's a present for you, William.
(He looks at the dragonfly and...)
(The scary grandpa)
Is this no good too?
Oh, no. Is this no good too?
Then, I'll give you this.
William, I'll give you this.
- This. - Want to see it?
Watch this.
I'll give it to you.
(He's interested in the fan.)
- Thank him. - Say, "Thank you."
- Thank you. - Here you go.
Thank you.
- William, thank him. - Thank you.
Take a look here.
Shall we sing a song for William?
Yes.
(It's a song to cheer William up.)
(Grinning)
(High note explosion)
(Let's go outside, Daddy.)
(Gosh, Master...)
I guess he doesn't like that too.
(William enters the school with tears.)
Don't cry.
Gosh.
William.
(I'm sorry.)
(They exit in a hurry.)
Cross your legs. Correct posture.
- Correct posture. - Correct posture.
Now I'm going to step out briefly.
Class president. Keep an eye out...
for those who fool around.
Be on the lookout...
- responsibly, okay? - Yes, Master.
- All right? - Yes, Master.
Now quietly meditate. Close your eyes.
Close your eyes completely. Good.
You have to stay put. I'll be back shortly.
(The Master steps outside.)
The children remain in the classroom.
(Serene)
Will the children be able to endure?
Mischievous Seung Jae opens his eyes first.
(Seung Jae opens his eyes.)
Tyrannosaurus.
You'll be punished if you open your eyes.
You have to be quiet.
I have to go to the bathroom.
I have to go poo.
You have to push.
(Soo A escapes the classroom first.)
The kids escape 1-by-1 due to potty emergencies.
What can be done?
I have to pee.
Which one is mine?
That's mine.
(Now only the three of them remain.)
Seo Eon and Si An remain inside.
And of course Seung Jae.
(His eyes are full of mischief.)
(Rising)
(What are you doing Seung Jae?)
(He steals a bite of yakgwa.)
(The 2 of them are unaware.)
I have to go pee too.
I have to go.
(Even Seo Eon has to go.)
Is it just the two of us?
(Tip-toeing)
(He takes another bite.)
(He couldn't see again.)
(He happily crawls on all fours.)
(Glaring)
(This cannot be.)
Hey, stay still. You have to stay put.
(Seung Jae has unlimited energy.)
Stop running around.
You're going to get in trouble.
(He ignores him.)
Stay still.
(Turning away)
(He's about to escape.)
You have to stay put.
You can't go out.
You're going to get in trouble.
Everyone leaves the classroom.
Only studious Si An remains.
How praiseworthy.
This is the line.
(What's going on here?)
(Seo Jun is given the green light first.)
(It's Seol A's turn.)
(He's anxious and restless.)
(His legs continue to squirm.)
(I really need to go.)
Seol A, what's taking you so long?
(He ends up fertilizing the soil...)
(by peeing on the grass.)
(Seo Jun returns to the classroom.)
Is it okay?
I am going to smell it.
(A piece of yakgwa is half-eaten.)
Who ate this?
(Who ate this?)
It's you, right?
(I didn't eat it.)
You.
(If Si An didn't do it, you must have done it.)
It's you, right?
(Yes.)
(A piece of yakgwa is half-eaten.)
(Seo Jun watches him.)
(Approaching)
(Seung Jae picks up the untouched piece.)
Eat the one you started on.
- I'm going to eat this. - No.
You need to eat the one you started on.
(He puts the rest in his mouth.)
No.
(Shocked)
What are we going to do? He ate everything.
(What are we going to do? He ate everything.)
No more.
(He's trying to protect it with his whole body.)
(He is full of good cheer.)
He's a little prankster, like me.
(The little prankster, Seung Jae.)
Sit down and close your eyes.
- Like this? - No.
Do it while you are sitting down.
(He's out of control.)
Everyone, sit down.
(Shocked)
It's not him.
(Soo A returns to the classroom.)
Soo A, sit down.
Teacher might return.
Close your eyes.
It's a secret that we went out.
(He locks the door.)
Sit down, and close your eyes.
That's right.
(Coughing)
(Master is here.)
(The scary Master appears.)
Wait a minute.
I heard children chattering.
Class president, who chattered?
Seung Jae did.
I did.
- Were you loud? - Yes.
If you chattered or moved around,
be honest and raise your hand.
(Thinking)
- Who else? - Me too.
- Did you chatter? - Yes.
Seo Jun, be honest. Did you chatter?
- Yes. - Good job.
Soo A. Who else?
- Who else? - I did too.
Seol A, did you chatter?
(I did too.)
Si An too.
What did you say to them when they chattered?
I did this.
(I told them to stop like this)
- You said, "Stop it." - Yes.
- Did you do that? - Yes.
Class president is a bit at fault.
However, he did the best.
- The thing is, he... - Seung Jae.
He ate that.
What did he eat?
He picked up a piece and ate it.
Why did he eat it?
- Did you eat it? - Yes.
Why?
I ate it because I was hungry.
You should have gotten my permission.
It's not a laughing matter.
(Nervous)
What did you do as the class president?
I told him not to eat it.
- He didn't listen to you. - No.
- Seung Jae, is it true? - Yes.
You neither listened to the class president...
nor got a permission from me.
Kneel.
- Like this? - Yes, kneel.
Raise your arms.
(He raises his arms.)
You need to ask, "May I eat this?"
- Okay? - Okay.
Everyone, kneel.
- All of us? - Yes.
Everyone, raise your arms.
Kneel!
Close your eyes.
Raise your arms high.
Think about what you did wrong.
(Reflect upon yourself.)
If you did something wrong,
should you reflect upon yourself?
- No. - No?
(What did you say?)
- Yes. - Yes.
Should you do it again?
- No. - No.
- You shouldn't, right? - Yes.
Are you confident you won't do it again?
- Yes. - Yes.
Put your arms down.
- Attention. - Attention.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
I want to hurry up and eat snacks.
When I call your name, take one each.
Sit up straight and wait for permission...
to eat the snack, okay?
- Yes. - Yes.
Seol A, come on up and take a snack.
(She grabs one.)
Seo Jun, come on up and take a snack.
(He keeps his hands in front of him.)
Soo A, come on up and take a snack.
Put your hands together. There you go.
(He only has eyes for yakgwa.)
Seung Jae, come on up and take a snack.
Seo Eon, come on up and take a snack.
(He acquires yakgwa.)
There you go.
Si An, come on up and take a snack.
There isn't one.
Really?
(The tray is empty.)
(He picks up the tray and checks.)
There isn't one?
How strange!
Isn't it because Seung Jae ate one?
- Seung Jae ate one. - Yes.
- That must be why. - I see.
Si An didn't get a piece of yakgwa.
What should you do?
We can buy more.
Who will go and buy it?
Where will we buy it?
What should we do?
Si An didn't get a piece of yakgwa.
(He hesitates for a second.)
(He breaks his piece of yakgwa...)
(and hands it to Si An.)
Will you give him a piece of yours?
This is too small.
Thank you.
(Thank you anyway, my friend.)
They share the snack...
by giving up a piece of their yakgwa.
They are very kind.
Good girl.
Seol A is a good girl.
(The pieces make up a whole yakgwa.)
- Thank you for the snack. - Thank you for the snack.
(They will remember this sweetness longer...)
(because they had it together.)
Don't fight.
Be a good person.
- Okay. - Okay.
This is the end of the class.
Did you do a good job?
- Hello. - Hello.
Does Seung Jae listen at home?
Yes.
(Excuse me?)
- Father. - "Father".
Seung Jae, will you listen to me now?
- Yes. - Really?
I can put them on by myself.
Really?
Listen to your father.
- Okay. - All right.
I will video call Seol A and Soo A's dad.
(Dad, we miss you.)
(Amazing Volley Shooter)
It's your dad.
- It's your dad. - Dad.
- Dad. - Dad.
- It's my dad. - Everyone has gathered.
Si An was the class president today.
He did a good job.
Si An, show him what you learned earlier.
There you go.
(Hello, Father.)
Give him a round of applause.
Cheer for Dad and uncles.
South Korea.
That's it. Get ready.
- South Korea. - South Korea.
(Cheer up, Uncles.)
(Even though he is away, he feels proud.)
- Lee Dong Gook, let's go! - Let's go!
Let's go.
(They find the goat siblings.)
What are they? They are cute, right?
(Hello, I am William.)
(Petting)
How pretty!
(William loves the goats.)
This is hilarious.
What sound does a goat make?
(He tries to imitate a goat.)
(He takes off the hat.)
You don't want to wear it.
- Let's go. - "Let's go"?
(Let's go.)
Where are we going?
Hey, William.
(Let's hurry up and go.)
You have to go with me,
but I don't feel like going yet.
There are goats here.
Hey, William.
(Why do you keep calling me?)
Come here.
William.
(He is walking backwards.)
(I will show you how fast I am.)
I am coming to catch you.
(William can't beat Sam even if he runs.)
(Someone is watching them.)
It's Lo Hee.
Hello, Lo Hee.
William, say hi to Lo Hee.
Lo Hee, do you want to touch the goats?
Have you tried touching the goats?
(Come here, Lo Hee.)
Come here.
(It's nice to meet you, Lo Hee.)
Are they goats or puppies?
Where is your mom?
Goats can't talk.
- Lo Hee. - It's Lo Hee.
(Unlike William, who is happy to see her,)
It's Lo Hee.
(Lo Hee studies him carefully.)
When William couldn't walk yet,
Lo Hee looked after him...
as if he were her own brother.
(Lo Hee took good care of him.)
(He couldn't even hold a banana.)
You want to play with her, right?
(Hesitant)
Lo Hee, where are you going?
William slowly approaches Lo Hee.
Does he remember her?
(I am not used to seeing you walk.)
(Lo Hee, I missed you.)
(You became even prettier.)
(Turning away)
What are you doing?
Are you being hot and cold?
That's foul play. You shouldn't do that.
You shouldn't play hard to get.
(I don't know my own heart.)
Since it's fall, the air is cool.
There is a bit of wind.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
(They see a group of residents.)
- It's a cultivator. - A cultivator.
- Hello. - Hello.
You look familiar.
Hello.
(He stops the cultivator to say hello to them.)
Where are you going?
- I am going to the field. - I see.
For how many years have you been married?
55 years.
55 years!
I bet you haven't taken a lot of pictures lately.
- No, I haven't. - You may not have known,
but he is one of the best photographers in Korea.
- He is very talented. - Take a picture of me.
Please come on down.
Please wait.
This will be the backdrop.
My goodness.
Let's put this...
- over there. - Okay.
(Please stick out your lips.)
Don't put lipstick on my lips.
It's red.
Any color is fine.
- This is better. - This color is better...
than red.
(The cherry-like lips are complete.)
Move back a little so that I can get...
a full shot of the cultivator.
Be affectionate to each other.
One,
2, 3.
Let's take another one.
(Please stand in a natural way.)
(They look a bit stiff.)
Sir, did you have a love marriage...
- or an arranged marriage? - An arranged marriage.
How many times did you meet?
We met more than 10 times.
That's rare for an arranged marriage.
During the time you met 10 times,
did you kiss her or not?
I couldn't.
It's true love.
(This is embarrassing.)
This is good.
Take a picture of them now.
It's the three dads' collaborate work.
Thanks to Hwi Jae's effort,
the couple is smiling in the picture.
(It's one of the best pictures of their lives.)
They have been married for 55 years.
(They take a picture as a souvenir.)
- Come on. - Stand in the middle.
- Come on out. - Stand in the middle.
- Come on. - My goodness.
Here we go. In 1, 2, 3.
Kimchi.
Pizza.
- He will take it now. - Smile.
Kimchi.
- How nice! - Kimchi.
(Laughing)
She takes a picture with the cute puppies.
The three dads captured the residents' memories.
It's the children's turn.
This is the picture...
dads and uncles took together.
Please find this house...
and deliver it to grandpa and grandma.
This grandma's name is...
Im Sang Kyu.
- Im Sang Kyu. - Im Sang Kyu.
They embark on a journey to find her.
The two sets of twins cross the stone bridge...
that is famous in Jincheon to enter the village.
I think it will be over there.
Chili peppers.
Look at these chili peppers.
- It looks the same. - Chili peppers.
Let's eat chili peppers.
You will die if you eat them.
I think that blue house is the one in the picture.
That's right.
(What is the clue in the picture?)
What is the clue in the picture?
Find the house with a blue roof...
that can be seen behind them.
Isn't it the house over there?
- Come here. - It's a dragonfly.
(He takes care of her.)
Shall we try catching a dragonfly?
Let's walk together.
(Soo A approaches first.)
(Seo Jun is shy next to Soo A.)
Seo Jun.
I saw a blue house earlier.
Let's go quickly.
(Did Seo Eon find it already?)
(Seo Eon runs confidently.)
This is the place.
Seo Eon, I don't think this is the place.
(This obviously isn't the place.)
I was wrong.
Let's go.
(Seo Eon runs without a plan.)
Run.
Look for a blue house.
(Seo Eon, wait for me.)
(Thinking)
This isn't the place.
From where are these pretty children?
Is this the place?
Are you Grandma Im?
- Yes, I am. - My goodness.
(Did we find them?)
Seo Jun, come here. Is this the place?
- Are you Grandma Im? - Where is Grandpa?
- He went to the field. - He went to the field.
Is this you?
Let me take a look.
It's the other Grandma Im.
The one who plays table tennis.
You look different.
Let me take a look.
- She lives over there. - She lives over there.
It's that house.
All right. Let's go.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(Do they know where they are going?)
(Which house was it?)
(They got lost again.)
Come here.
(Seol A is funny.)
- Come here. - Come here.
(Winking)
Let's go.
We must find Grandma's house.
Come here.
Seo Jun goes in a different direction.
Soo A follows him.
(Seo Jun, wait for me.)
Is this the house they were looking for?
(Is this the house?)
(I see.)
Seo Jun sees the pavilion and the blue roof.
Wait a minute.
It looks similar.
That's the place.
Grandma.
I hear a princess' voice.
There is a prince too.
What pretty children!
Grandpa and Grandma are here.
- I think it's them. - Are we the right ones?
- Are we the right ones? - Yes.
All right.
They are wearing the same clothes.
You are so nice.
I think you are the ones in the picture.
All right.
(He gives them the framed picture.)
Thank you.
It's a gift from a prince.
- Thank you. - My goodness.
Seo Eon, Seol A.
I found them.
(Are they on a date?)
Seo Jun is my younger brother.
- Really? - Yes.
He is a prankster.
Seo Eon, are you strong?
Yes, I am stronger than Dad.
I weigh 18.4kg.
Then you should play soccer.
Is this the place?
(Where are the others?)
Seo Jun.
Soo A.
Soo A, Seo Jun.
(What is it?)
I hear them. They must be over here.
Hello.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Take this one.
- I want this one. - This one?
Thank you.
- Thank you. - You are so nice.
Wipe your hands on this later.
Here you go.
It's tasty.
(Staring)
I want honey.
(Try it.)
Do you want a bite?
(Soo A takes a bite too.)
It's coffee flavor.
(It's chestnut honey flavor.)
What brings you to this village,
princesses and princes?
We came here to give you the picture.
You came here to give us the picture.
We took a class from a scary teacher.
- It's about filial piety. - Filial piety?
- Stay healthy. - All right.
My goodness, thank you.
(Grandpa and Grandma, stay healthy.)
Grow up healthy.
- Okay. - How nice!
Bye.
Seung Jae and Si An are together.
It's a flower.
It's a dragonfly.
(It's nice to meet you, children from the city.)
(He takes his eyes off of it.)
I will catch it. It flew away.
(Seeing a dragonfly fly makes them laugh.)
(Barking)
There are dogs.
Dogs, don't cry.
(Barking)
You will get scolded.
(He stomps his feet from afar.)
I am not a bad person.
(Whatever)
Let's take this way.
(The friendly boy doesn't give up.)
(The two friends hold hands.)
(Together, we are fearless.)
(Flinching)
Gosh, that surprised me.
(It's okay, Si An. You have me.)
(I am scared.)
Let's go.
(Screaming)
(They are a duo of scaredy-cat.)
(Don't come here.)
(They are tired after a tense moment.)
(They won't come after us, will they?)
(They bump into each other.)
I am sorry.
I am going to go first.
(I am going to go quickly.)
(Wait for me.)
(What?)
The residents are harvesting sesame.
They can't pass by such an interesting sight.
What are you doing?
(Staring)
Is this...
you?
Is that me?
You are wearing a purple top.
It's a present for you.
- You are good at this. - Is it a present for me?
- Yes. - Why don't you try it?
Try it.
- I am strong, right? - Yes, you are.
You are good at this.
What is this?
It's sesame.
What's sesame?
You put sesame on side dishes.
We will give you a glass of water. Come.
We will give you a glass of water.
- How nice of you. - How nice of you.
The moment he enters the community center,
Si An takes the massage chair.
(Heave-ho)
(He turns on the massage chair.)
(He has tried it when he was younger.)
(My goodness)
(This is great.)
(This is it.)
- Does it feel good? - Yes.
- Doesn't it hurt? - No.
It doesn't hurt. It feels good.
(My goodness)
It's not done yet.
(While the president enjoys a massage,)
(a dinosaur appears.)
How scary!
- What are you imitating? - Ankylosaurus.
- Ankylosaurus. - Ankylo?
I have never heard of that.
(Tyrannosaurus appears.)
What are you imitating?
Tyrannosaurus.
(I don't know what it is, but he is cute.)
(Seung Jae is excited to receive a compliment.)
You are good.
What are you doing?
(I am a dinosaur that headbutts.)
(Si An becomes Taekwon V.)
(1 punch, 2 punches)
(It's a match.)
Don't hit him.
Is that how you do it?
Good job.
- Bye. - How cute!
Where is this grandma?
If you go this way,
you will find a house with a pole.
That's her house. Bring it to her.
Please take this pumpkin...
- to her. - Okay.
There you go.
It's heavy.
(Screaming)
Is it a baby pumpkin?
It's an old pumpkin.
A grandma pumpkin?
Yes, it's a grandma pumpkin.
Hold it together.
- Hold it together. - I will hold it.
(He uses his facial muscles.)
(Surge, my power.)
Let's go and find this grandma.
(Grandma, come with me.)
Bye, Grandma.
Bye.
I can do this.
Si An, is it heavy?
(Si An, is it heavy?)
No.
Do you want to carry it together?
I am strong.
Let's go.
Gather your strength, my friend.
Okay.
(A man can't take back his words.)
(Struggling)
Gather your strength, my friend.
(Clueless)
(Struggling)
(Swaying)
It's heavy.
(Finally)
Is it heavy? Shall we carry it together?
Carry this.
- Thank you. - It's heavy.
(He gives up right away.)
I can't carry it.
Give me this one.
What should we do?
(I have an idea.)
I put it on its side.
Let's go and find this grandma.
(It's great that Si An didn't give up.)
(When he can't roll it very well...)
I can do this.
Gather your strength.
I will do it now.
Roll it carefully.
(He rolls the pumpkin carefully.)
It's heavy. It's heavy.
(Thankful)
What is this?
A grandma pumpkin.
- A pumpkin. - We have your picture.
Is that you?
- It's me. - It's a present for you.
(It's a present for you.)
Thank you.
What were you doing?
I was plowing the field.
- Shield? - Field.
- Yield? - Field.
Fear?
(Si An and Seung Jae complete their task.)
Where is William?
William, we are here to deliver snacks.
The residents are very busy these days.
(William will deliver snacks.)
We need to find them.
I heard that they have a cultivator. Where is it?
(Dad, look over there.)
That's right. They are working hard.
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
My goodness, thank you.
How cute!
Whose baby is this?
He is my baby.
- Are you this person? - Yes, I am.
You are wearing the same outfit.
- Was it taken today? - Earlier today.
Give it to him.
- Give it to him. - Thank you.
It's a great picture.
- Thank you. - This is amazing.
Everyone, gather around.
Here you go.
- William. - This is tasty.
William, he says it's tasty.
- It's a success. - Good boy. He eats well.
He eats very well.
Won't the chili pepper be too spicy?
(Oh, my goodness)
(My goodness)
Which chili pepper are you growing?
- Cheongyang chili pepper? - We have that.
It's a spicy chili pepper.
(Dad, are you okay?)
Kimchi is tasty too.
Where did you get this outfit?
He dressed up as the thing that keeps the birds away.
- A scarecrow. - That's right.
I see. That's quite a unique outfit.
But he looks cute in it.
- We don't want any birds. - Goodness.
I see. That's very cute.
(Don't come, sparrows.)
We don't have babies in rural areas like here.
So I'm so thankful that you came to our area.
The last time we heard a baby cry was...
about 14 or 15 years ago.
I'm serious.
- Really? - Yes.
So what brings you here?
We came here to learn how to behave with manners.
But this guy is so scared of the Master.
So he couldn't study today.
- He's a bad student. - Is he?
(I'm just going to eat some corns.)
(What?)
(This man picks the corns and eats.)
(Let me try that too.)
- He's picking the corns. - Excuse me?
I think he must be copying me.
He loves copying people.
(This is useful. I must learn stuff like this.)
William, Daddy has to eat some food too.
I want you to shoo away the birds.
Chirp, please.
(Chirping)
(Sparrows, step back!)
(I'm on my way!)
(He chirps in a low-pitched voice.)
(What is he doing?)
(William the scarecrow is feeling defiant.)
(But how far are you going to go?)
(Who are you?)
William, do you want to ride that?
(Yes!)
- He wants to ride it? - You want to?
Shall we ask the gentleman to give us a ride?
Ask him for a ride.
It'd be my pleasure. I'll give you a ride.
- Please give us a ride. - Sure. I'd love to.
(The engine starts.)
- We're going. - Vroom.
(I haven't been on a ride like this before.)
There are spiders here.
(Hello, spider.)
Those are potatoes.
I see. Aren't those corns?
Right. This is for corns.
The corns we had earlier.
Say hi.
- William. - What's that sound?
William.
(Now that we look back, today,)
(even Hwi Jae mispronounced his name.)
(And that includes his Master as well.)
William, isn't this nice?
(This is great!)
Isn't this fun?
Hello, everyone.
(Now, you can call me "Williom".)
But sir, where is everyone?
Everyone is at the center.
At the same time in the center,
everyone's partaking in a dance party.
- Hello. - Hi.
(William is perplexed.)
(A dance party with senior citizens above 70)
(Smiling)
(Everyone, let's turn it up!)
(Age is just a number when it's about having fun.)
(Right on!)
(Say goodbye to your sadness with William.)
(William, this cutie, is essential at parties.)
(Just follow my lead.)
(I'll let you get back your lost excitement.)
(Dance with William.)
- He's done well. - Give him a hand please.
- Give him a hand. - Give him a hand.
(Clapping zealously)
- Come here, William. - Go to her.
- Come to me. - Go ahead.
(Smiling)
He plays hard-to-get a lot.
- That makes it more fun. - He's handsome enough.
- Is he a boy? - Yes.
It's a boy.
(His beauty is good enough to fool them.)
We don't have anything for the baby.
- It's pumpkin porridge. - Oh, thank you.
Do you want some of this?
William, do you want some porridge?
(He opens his mouth.)
This is tasty.
Goodness, you can eat.
I didn't know you were an eater.
Eat up. Open your mouth.
Look at you. Good job.
You can eat.
(Give it to me. I can't wait to eat this up.)
Goodness. You're thanking us?
(What a good boy.)
You're so sweet.
You have to say thank you.
Thank you for the pumpkin porridge.
- He really likes it. - Your boy is...
- Say bye. - Bye, bye.
- Say goodbye. - Bye.
- Bye. - What a good boy.
- Thank you. - Goodness.
Aren't you so kind?
In no time, it becomes night.
- We are a quartet. - We are a quartet.
(These 4 are coming back from their errand.)
Hey, you guys.
- Welcome back. - Did you do your errand?
Give me a high-five. Well done.
Did the senior citizens say you did well?
Yes!
Dad!
(The younger ones come back with Sam.)
- Great job. - You're back.
Si An, come here.
- What was that? - Si An!
(A tearful encounter of siblings)
Si An.
- Seung Jae, you're back. - Yes.
- Did you do a good job? - I did.
(Gosh, isn't anyone going to welcome me?)
(William, you're back.)
You only have two teeth.
(She made me happy.)
Seung Jae, play with me.
(Better hide yourself well)
(Or I'll see you hair)
Are you done hiding? I want to play this game.
I'll hide then.
Okay.
(Si An is the tagger.)
(The tagger has hidden himself as well.)
(Hide-and-seek without a tagger)
- Did you find everyone? - No.
I'm done.
- Okay. - Why are you so loud?
(Startled)
Hey, hide!
Si An, come and hide here.
You have to hide here with me,
- so he can't find us. - Let's do that.
This should be enough.
(The Master became the tagger.)
(These two friends are getting along well.)
Let's run!
(This is so much fun.)
Seung Jae.
Do you go to school with my sisters?
- Yes. - I'm in Class Elephant.
What about you?
I'm in Class Washington.
- What? - Class Washington.
- Class Washington? - That's right.
Let's play jegi.
Let's see who can throw it farther.
Yes!
(You're good.)
(I'll do it if you do it.)
I want to do something cool.
Seung Jae, do you know how to do taekwondo?
Do you know Taekwondo?
Taekwondo!
(He slips.)
You're bad at it.
Taekwondo!
(This is how you do Taekwondo.)
Just like this.
Do you know how to kick a soccer ball?
No.
I can kick a soccer ball.
I can do it.
I can teach you how to kick the ball.
Just like this?
No.
(He teaches Seung Jae passionately.)
- This is how you do it. - You're so good.
(Here comes the soccer player, Si An.)
Goodness.
Are you okay?
Come here.
Hey, come out here.
(Kids are drawing on the ground outside.)
Si An. Seung Jae.
- Yes? - What were you doing?
- We were drawing. - We were drawing.
Seung Jae, come here.
I love you, grandpa.
Grandpa?
- I love you. - Oh, no. What will I do?
I love you.
Say, "I love you, Master."
- I love you, Master. - I love you, Master.
All right. You must help me.
Will you listen to me or not?
- I will. - I will. Attention.
- Attention. - That's right.
You remember what we studied together?
When you go inside, there is...
a crock. I put it in there.
That's a very precious crock.
I want you...
to fill the crock with popped rice. Got it?
Yes, sir.
- Can you do this? - Yes, sir.
Go. Go to that room. Go to that side.
- Do a good job. - Yes, sir!
Gosh, good boys.
Why did you call us that?
You're such nice boys.
There you go.
(Si An and Seung Jae enter.)
Let's put it in this.
(They first check the crock.)
Let's put it in here.
There. With this.
Hey, look at this.
(I'll help you.)
What?
Gosh, did it break?
(The precious crock is broken!)
It fell.
(This styrofoam crock was specially made.)
It wasn't a simple errand.
It was the Master's idea.
It's to build their problem solving skills.
When the kids face a problem,
I want them to solve it while helping each other.
I wanted to create an opportunity to train.
What?
Why did it fall?
This...
(What is this?)
No...
(Seung Jae is putting the broken piece away.)
(They have no idea the crock is broken.)
(They're filling snacks in the broken crock.)
It's so fun!
(However, it's no use.)
(It's a waste of time.)
Why is it leaking?
(Si An finally noticed that something is wrong.)
It must be like that because of a hole.
(Is it leaking through that hole?)
(Ta-da)
There is a hole. What do we do?
I'll try to close the hole.
Where is it? Is it here?
(It's not easy to cover the hole.)
I think it...
It was ripped. What do we do?
It ripped.
We have to clean up.
The Master will yell at us.
Okay.
Hurry. Hurry up.
(Si An feels anxious.)
We have to hurry.
(What is Seung Jae doing?)
(Eating)
Are you eating it?
Yes. It's delicious.
We have to hurry.
(He's too busy stuffing his face.)
Don't eat!
Let's hurry up and clean.
The Master will be mad.
Okay.
(Is it that good?)
(After having a taste,)
(he's having a fist full.)
We have to hurry.
I'll cover the hole.
Okay.
(Si An is trying to cover the hole.)
My hands are too small.
My hands are small. What do I do?
I got it.
(He's using the bowl.)
(If you're a human, you should use tools.)
I got it.
I'm covering it.
(Stop eating, my friend.)
You dropped some.
It's on your mouth.
(They're so sweet to each other.)
(Shall we solve this?)
Seung Jae, hurry.
I'll do this too.
They might be shocked,
but they are trying to solve it together.
I'm proud of them.
(However, the bowl isn't helping.)
Hold on.
(Si An thought of something else.)
Bottoms?
Like this?
(Toad Si An is blocking the crock.)
I covered it.
I'm covering it with my bottoms.
Hurry up. Hurry.
I can't.
Bottoms...
(Is it not working?)
(I didn't want to go this far...)
(Struggling)
Gosh, is he covering it with his whole body?
(What is going on?)
I'm covering it.
(He's trying to cover it by throwing himself.)
(Seung Jae is rushing out.)
Master! Master!
Yes?
- Master. - Yes?
- By the way... - Yes?
There is a hole.
There was suddenly a hole.
You suddenly got a hole?
Yes! Si An stopped it!
Master, please hurry.
It's hard.
Please come. Si An stopped it.
Look at this. Everything leaked.
It leaked.
(Please help me.)
Why are you on the floor, Si An?
Are you covering the hole?
Yes.
- To stop it from leaking? - Yes.
What should we do?
Seung Jae, did you help him?
No. I ate this.
Did you only eat?
Yes.
(You rascal...)
No, he helped me.
Seung Jae helped me.
(They're so loyal to each other.)
- I helped. - Did you?
- Yes. - How did you help?
Me? I helped once.
Did you help him?
Yes.
Great job.
Let's see. Move back. Good job.
You can let go.
Gosh, it's broken.
I tried to cover it with my bottoms.
It didn't stick.
It didn't work?
Seung Jae and Si An, come here.
- Okay. - Why?
- From now... - Are we being punished?
No, you're not.
You don't get punished every day.
Good job working together.
Hug each other to say great work.
You two. Good.
Good job.
Good. Good job.
Will Seol A and Soo A...
be able to solve this problem too?
(How will they solve this problem?)
(Soo A can carry it by herself.)
(The crock is fine for now.)
Let's hurry up and do ours.
Let's pour in a lot.
Let's fill it up.
Okay.
(The twins are ambitious.)
Oh, no.
Seol A, you...
Let's pick up the ones we dropped.
Since you dropped it, you have to do it.
Pick it all up.
I'll pick it all up.
There.
(Oh, no)
(Peeking)
I did it too. I'm sorry.
(As they were filling up the crock...)
Things were going smoothly.
Then the crock suddenly broke.
How will the kids react?
What?
The popped rice...
What do we do?
Hey, they all fell out.
(Is it broken?)
Why is ours broken?
I don't know. Is it like this?
What is this?
Why isn't it working? I have to fix it.
(She's pressing hard onto the piece.)
(Tapping)
I got it.
(Strong Soo A was able to fix it!)
Since you broke it, you have to put it in.
No, you can't do that!
You dropped a lot too!
(Dumbfounded)
(Dropping)
(Things aren't going well for these two.)
(Sighing)
(Glancing)
Why are you mean to me?
(I just wanted to do a good job.)
When Cinderella was young
She was mistreated
Seol A, help me.
(You're right. It's no time for this.)
Should we move this to a clean spot?
1, 2, 3. Here we go.
(Spilling)
(It's leaking again.)
No...
We worked so hard for it.
No, no. No...
Please, no.
No, don't.
No, stop spilling.
I can't believe it.
No!
(Soo A won't give up.)
(Soo A is punching with her powerful fist.)
(She's talented at fixing the crock.)
I fixed the crock.
Really?
Soo A, you're amazing.
How did you fix it?
Let's hurry.
Seol A.
Look at this. Let's go.
(They're snacking on it here and there.)
(They're working hard to fill the crock.)
Let's see.
We filled a lot, didn't we?
I'll go get the Master.
Press hard on it until I come back.
Okay.
Keep watching it.
It spilled.
(What?)
(You're a joker.)
Master!
It's spilling...
No.
We filled it up!
Okay, okay.
We dropped a lot on the floor. A lot.
You dropped some? Why did you drop it?
(It's a complete mess.)
Why are there so much on the floor?
It's because there is a hole.
It's broken.
Why did it break?
Who broke this precious crock?
I was putting some in when it broke.
It broke when you were filling it?
Yes.
Really?
But I fixed it.
- You fixed it? Who did? - Soo A did.
We filled it up.
- Soo A did? - Yes.
You're so smart.
- It was broken. - Yes.
However, you fixed it together.
- You filled it too. - Yes.
If a problem like this happens again,
you can work together to solve it.
- You'll become great. - Yes.
Good job.
(What about Seo Eon and Seo Jun?)
Seo Eon and Seo Jun are unpredictable.
How will these two solve the problem?
(The twins are checking the materials.)
The crock broke again.
How will the twins react?
(What happened?)
There's a hole.
(They're trying to put the piece back.)
(It's not easy to put in.)
What happened?
It's broken. What do we do?
What should we do?
This. What do we do with this?
(Genius Seo Jun is thinking hard.)
(The twins are looking around the room.)
There isn't anything.
Do you have anything we can block it with?
No, I don't.
(It's too bad.)
(In order to block the hole...)
Tape.
Tape...
Where can I get some tape?
(Where can I get some tape?)
You probably should go to the other room.
(The twins are going to look for tape.)
I'm scared.
Sir, the kids are coming.
Why?
(He acts as if he's sleeping.)
(They're opening the Master's room.)
The twins carefully open the door.
(He's sleeping.)
They search after seeing the Master's asleep.
(The twins are looking for tape.)
(What are they doing?)
They finally found tape.
(Halting)
Tape...
(Grunting)
(I'll trust you, Seo Eon.)
(He's being careful.)
(Seo Eon has collected a roll of tape.)
(They're quick to leave the room.)
(Gosh, you kids.)
I found it.
(We got it.)
We got it.
Right?
You're awesome. This is awesome.
(He's getting weak in the knees.)
We got it. It's going to work.
It'll work.
I'll cover it now.
Seo Eon, I'll cover it.
(All they have to do is tape it on.)
You got it. Okay.
(How do I cut this?)
(It won't rip with bare hands.)
We need scissors.
I better go get some.
Are you going to grab some?
We need scissors.
(Confident)
It's only hard the first time.
He more daring now.
(This place looks familiar.)
(Here they are!)
(He's so nervous, so he's biting his lips.)
(Coughing)
He scared me.
(Seo Jun, I got scissors.)
- Seo Jun, I got scissors. - Hey.
(Good job, partner.)
It was scary...
going into the Master's room, right?
- I faced it anyway. - Me too.
Keep holding it.
I'm going to tape it on.
Tape...
There.
(The twins are fixing the broken crock.)
- Keep holding it. - Did you stick it on?
It's fixed.
Let's put the rice in now.
(They fixed the problem without any spills.)
Not even a grain is falling.
Really?
It's pretty strong.
(Then one might suddenly question...)
Why do we have to do this?
I don't know.
Why do they want us to move so much?
We can just eat it. Why are we moving it?
The Master must really like these.
(It's their conclusion.)
(I see.)
The boys are quickly moving the popped rice.
Then...
(Seo Eon is studying the crock.)
It's still leaking.
No.
It's coming out.
Hold on. Let me try to fix it.
It's coming from this side.
Can you cut this?
I will cut it for you.
I'll use the scissors.
Done. I'll put it on this time.
It's too fast. No.
It's all falling. What I need is speed.
(What I need is speed.)
- Let's stop. - It's done.
(They're done fixing the broken crock.)
Here comes the rice.
(They finished filling the crock.)
- Master, we're done! - Master, we're done!
Master, we're finished!
Gosh.
My...
What happened here?
There was a hole, so we fixed it with tape.
Where did you get this tape from?
The twins are startled by the sudden question.
How will they deal with the situation?
We couldn't find tape here,
so we brought it from your room.
You were sleeping.
- You took it from me? - Yes.
Why didn't you wake me up?
(Smiling)
- Why... - We wanted you to sleep.
- You wanted me to sleep? - Yes.
Did you fill this up together?
- Yes. - Yes.
Good job.
The reason why I made you do this...
is because I wanted to see what you would do...
if you were faced with a problem.
You should compliment each other.
(The kids depended on each other.)
Good job.
(Good job, boys.)
Single file. Stand in a line.
I'm in the middle.
No, I'm in the middle.
- Attention. - Attention.
- Let's get ready. - Hey, hey.
Get ready.
Stop chasing it.
Where are you going?
No, this way. Hurry!
(William is free-spirited.)
(Lo Hee is free-spirited too.)
(I caught you.)
(Giggling)
Dear audiences and fans of The Return of Superman,
be happy.
- Be happy. - Be happy!
- Be happy. - Be happy.
- Bow. - Bow.
- Knees. - Sit down.
Hey, hey.
Get back up.
- Attention. - Hey.
- Attention. - Attention.
Thank you, everyone!
- Thank you. - Bow.
- Say thank you. - Bow. Attention.
- Attention. - Attention.
- Thank you. - Thank you!
Thank you!
Don't go over there.
You have say thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, it's too late for a bow.